look at Paul versus K inside when is it
going to end
oh okay well then tell them I ate it's
my duty to see this thing through
I wasn't originally going to make a
video on this but it seems like new
things it's just happening every single
day
at first we were greeted with these face
to face videos and you may think wow
that might be interesting finally they
talk face to face and we actually get to
hear what they say it's gonna be
interesting this one no no it isn't I
can summarize it as this jg calls Jake
Paul a pussy about ten times does that
energy being a pussy relief yeah okay
what short version is that is she being
a pussy really he makes a video calling
me a pussy like 50 times he's only won
that laughter Jose I remember you said
I'm too scared to call you a pussy in
your face like to your face you're a
pussy I'm saying it to your face now
you're a pussy cool yeah I remember you
said you're gonna do something I'll call
you a pussy I'm calling you a pussy now
yeah yeah honestly I just can't play
you're a personally I'm saying it to
your face or in case you're wondering
when the fight is that it was also
talked about just a couple of times
August may fish your man oh this really
fit I don't miss 25th August honey fifth
always favor who's gonna be the best ksi
face-to-face appeared and it was equally
uninteresting basically a drinking water
competition I'm in your head I think we
have a problem
don't worry I'll put that hand back what
are you doing you mutt hmm at least
they're hydrated that's always a good
thing to know
it's about fit what better outfit then
lost time yeah yeah see too
Alexa this is so nice to people that
hate each other can come together while
wearing their favorite Walmart finally
they get along this really warms my
heart case I talked about how he
destroyed Weller I destroyed willow what
do you think of that
let's just hope this fight is a bit more
interesting than the case I versus Joe
Weller fine right hook by JJ another
trap by JJ told not answering
so hasn't thrown a punch yet Joe needs
to start throwing Joe needs to throw
Tony our ethos and it goes strong honey
lunch this is Joe sitting back waiting
he want to go in the final press
conference Logan took a big out he
basically cried on stage
you
so Logan decided mm-hmm no no he's gonna
make a response video to explain why he
left the press conference called dear
care site here's why I walked up stage
Oh goddamn if you thought the last press
conference was a disaster this one was a
major disaster if you're wondering why
his voice is so high right now well
there's a simple reason for that well
you know because I'm vegan now in this
video Logan explains the madness that
went on behind the scenes people were
crazy
his dad even got punched when we tried
to get out they were kicking our cars
the gold rolls and the gold Bentley kids
were like climbing on top of buildings
and she punched in the back of the head
my dad did he deserve it
maybe this video is very well-crafted
and I'm gonna go through widest piece by
piece and it starts now he's calling out
the madness of this event and he's
shifting the blame of that and the
reason his dad got pushed to Deji and
then I remembered daddy told them to be
London it's to do okay we'll shake you
twisting I believe that's what we do
dizzy is clearly joking this is a clever
way for Logan to get the moral high
ground oh it was so bad how everything
was out of control it would have gotten
out of control
regardless of JJ's comment you know that
that's a fact so that's the first thing
he does and that's the thing a lot of
people as soon as I saw this Logan
Paulie video they were like oh I'm old
I'm on board with Logan Paul train now
really
really he then for some reason calls out
Kay's eye for just recycling jokes
that's all he did during the press
conference thought that joke was used in
the last press conference but apparently
we're recycling content okay
pretty good joke I'm not gonna lie he
got me good there but again I saw you
tweeted about this already like multiple
times I guess I just was confused I
didn't know we're still recycling
content but okay still stick delusional
tides it's so crazy cuz I just thinking
back I feel like he said the same thing
in the first press conference testicle
brother
are we still recycling content Wow these
brothers sure are creative Wow these
brothers sure whoa
at least I didn't recycle my favorite
punch like Walmart at least I have
enough integrity not to do that Logan
the only thing you said in the entire
press conference then one thing you said
was a recycled joke you can't call out
ksi for recycling jokes it doesn't work
funny to hear you talk about your baby
character keep going I enjoy it grew a
little thick today yo and I'm vegan and
I'm vegan so I recognized a baby carrot
when I see one
ha ha ha ha ha baby carrot small penis
you have small penis
well you dress bad well you're a pussy
the insults
I really appreciate then he goes on and
bring in the reason why the reason why
he walked out of the press conference
the reason why he didn't say anything
you know why it was it wasn't because he
was scared it wasn't because he looked
like it was about to cry it was because
of the moderator that's right everybody
pools pool but whatever man so I'm
thinking why it is just so one-sided why
did the moderator let JJ talk for 5
minutes and 20 seconds straight yes I
timed it and why are we not talking
about the fight and then I remembered
holy asshat this dude's King hates me
bullying poll this kids are big in
YouTube at America just a douche bag
joke while he's not hurting anyone you
know he's a fucking idiot but who cares
he's not that is the nicest thing I have
ever heard anyone explain Logan Paul
he's an idiot but he's not hurting
anyone
you should be thanking him that's like a
compliment for your stand-in Logan
so the moderator made a response to this
true Jodi here a response to logan poll
or as he likes to call me the moderator
pewdiepie called me the ref do you know
can we just get this straight
true Jordan true Jordy the true Jordy
I'm sorry I'm sorry please don't hurt me
okay and why are we not talking about
the fight maybe because you didn't say a
word man I love that response why did he
just speak for five minutes I don't
understand maybe because you didn't say
anything he then calls out true Jordy
for not being neutral for for being on
the side of ksi I just don't think the
matter of the press conference the
person who should be neutral the person
who should be the one driving the
conversation should be a Logan and Jake
ball hater skin clearly said he's an
idiot but he's not hurting anyone
wow what a hater and if it's a problem
that he's neutral this argument is so
ridiculous because
surely the tec-9 looking guy I'm sorry I
don't know your name please don't hurt
me either please they're clearly friends
too even in the press conference he was
standing on the side of the polls
I remember this look at he's right there
next to Greg Paul's dead what is he
doing this I thought he was supposed to
be neutral apparently that's a big issue
so Logan poll went out of his way to
make sure that true Geordie wasn't going
to commentate over this fight because he
commented on the original fight with ksi
so he doesn't want him to commentate
because he's not neutral apparently when
in reality I think he did a really good
job considering all the circumstances
apparently they settle it in on a phone
call or something like that and he is
actually going to comment on the fight
most likely not because Logan Paul is a
nice person but because people were
outraged and pissed off that he was and
go I'm going to be allowed to do it but
so there's a reason I walked out there's
a reason I keep saying I'm done with the
talk that's the reason why everybody
that's the reason why I walked out not
because I had nothing to say and I was
literally on the verge of tears think
about how much money you're gonna make
out of this event that it shouldn't be
that hard to go through all this so
shifting blame taking the moral high
ground but now it's when the video
really take that it's deepest turn the
exact person that I am working hard not
to become I made an unforgivable mistake
back in January and no one is ever gonna
forget that that is a part of my life
now I am the water wet end of every
single day I have to look in the mirror
and ask myself what the wrong in my life
where I thought that was a good idea
Logan Paul plays the moral high ground
and I guess against cave sigh that's not
really hard to do but for Logan Paul to
do this it says it's interesting it's
very interesting and a lot of people
bought it and he does it really well
because he has a strong argument for
example ksi I did not want to take the
low blows I did not want to get personal
but you bring it up my girlfriend Chloe
Bennet what's up babe
now Ches I he is a scumbag you're both
scumbags in case I has made same
comments about my future wife Marcia
it's it and I never respond to it
because it's just cringing so if
anything I understand why Logan didn't
respond here cuz it's like it's it's
such a low comment that is literally
only going to respond to the 12 year
olds in an audience like this but anyone
else will see it and be like yeah that's
really dumb like that's really pathetic
that's a stupid ass comment so Logan
really has to offer our hand here to
play the moral high ground and be like
and all this just so bad I can't believe
you treat my girlfriend like an object
and he does it very well after you said
this about Chloe in your last video
how's he gonna go down on you a busted
lip I'm sorry Chloe but after the 24th
of August Logan's gonna have to fuck you
like a prostitute if you know what I
mean and then he shows all clips of ksi
when he went to conventions and making
sexist comments to the show booth girls
massive tits where have your tits gone
where'd the god
because I can't see them and also the
comments he made about his friends
little sister cause I'm gonna explore
helpers I think that us girls need to
kind of stand up for ourselves so he
brings up the past behavior kids irony
associated with the current behavior
case I'm very clever very smart he's got
him now but he doesn't just stop there
he goes after his brands six years
you're still doing the same even when I
warned you even off-camera when I tried
to make it clear that this was going
somewhere I did not want it to go
how do people not know about how do you
have a brand deal with ei or any big
brands for that matter Logan must be
really pissed we're going after brand
deals then KS is got working I think
that's a really low blow as well hey if
not equally vicious because he was
essentially going after K XY's
livelihood but then he does even better
is that he protects himself from the
same criticism Logan is not innocent of
doing this exact same thing ksi did
typically with my music video no
handlebars
[Music]
where he made this song about handlebars
and he can ride girls were there or
whatever it's got 42 million views this
type of content no longer accurately
represents my brand and the person that
I am becoming okay so this is no
handlebars I'm going over and I am
deleting it from YouTube
so he protects himself from the same
criticism even though he's really just
being a hypocrite
what's even better by this is that this
song had a lot of drama related to it
because it's blatant plagiarism anyone
that's heard the original song that this
is based on know that that's a fact even
the creators of the song went out and
said this is so dumb I can ride my bike
with no handlebars no handlebars no
handlebars and I can own it it's the
same song you just made it the same song
except it's sexist logan paul edition
but you deleted it so you know KCI is
really the bad one here he's really the
problem and then he goes even further to
paint caves I a villain by I can't
believe I'm defending kiss I hear it's
so stupid but he goes on and and and
making him seem like he has a giant ego
by calling himself a God and doing his
face to face things but this kid
literally looked me in the eye and told
me he was God g.od god that's where his
head is that right now I wouldn't get
I'm an animal I'm a dog brony there were
two of them of gold you're you're a god
this is what God looks like Jesus Christ
we got some work to do white one what my
son yeah it's funny
it's a joke you told me a joke just like
you're calling yourself an animal you
don't think you're an animal you don't
think you're a dog so case I made a
response to this you should check it out
he basically disputed all these claims
saying that the clip of him saying that
Chloe was a prostitute
it wasn't implying that she was a
prostitute just like Kate Logan will
have such a broken lips that she's not
gonna want to kiss him like you don't
want to kiss a prostitute
the Caspar Lee clip was basically
unrelated to his event anyway so you're
just lying there as well so this video
you know I'll give it props for bleeding
for being well put together and clever
but it just shows how Logan will take
any step even if it's lying cuz I don't
think it was wrong for being pissed off
about the girlfriend comment I get that
but the way he goes about it attacking
his brands and all these things
he just doesn't care you have other
girls who used to know ksi saying that
if Logan Paul ever makes a comment about
respecting women he is full of Sh
there's so many other videos where Logan
is equally bad as ksi in my opinion
probably delete this video as well this
idea where I would ride them but like
but like a bicycle not in the sexual way
so we're gonna make this thing as
formation out of people it's called the
human but we're gonna put the girls and
me on this platform and then roll down
it looks kind of ridiculous like this so
yeah except it's gonna be for girls than
me the issue is that we haven't told
them we're doing this yet so that should
be fun on this video
shifting Blaine's taking the moral high
ground making all kinds of lives and
claims the thing is I had beef with both
ksi and Logan but the thing is these
guys are just purely driven by money
this whole event is going to make them a
lot of money if Logan thinks he's going
to make more money by being a nice guy
he's going to pretend to be a nice guy
Logan Willard is the kind of person that
will be whatever it takes for him to get
what he wants I'm gonna be the guy they
think I am
and I essentially became the architect
of my own destruction because I wanted
to be who they thought I thought I might
as well adopt this adopt this screw it
and it wasn't that a direct
contradiction to everything you just put
out about how you're changing and how
you're a different person I do want to
give people a second chance I think they
deserve it but when people blatantly lie
and other people are buying into it I
saw a lot of people saw this video and
be like whoa I'm on board over ball now
I feel like it's I have to call it out
that being said this video has been
extremely long and I hope I don't have
to make another video because I honestly
I don't care between ksi and Logan who
do I think should win the thing is Logan
can't lose if he loses I think people
will sympathize with him and if he wins
he wins
if ksi loses he's just gonna look like
an idiot because case I says he wants to
do professional boxing now which if you
lose against a youtuber that career is
over before it's begun
I think case I will win and I don't
think it really matters what happens to
Logan if anything he's in a really good
position right now he all he has to do
is stop lying that's all you got to do
stop lying
great this is this video leave a thumbs
up if you enjoyed watching it we'd
really much appreciated subscribe if
you're not subscribed already I also
have new March white Donald's track dong
whatever if you want to embrace the
aesthetic oh that you're working in a
fast-food restaurant check out the link
in the description yes that's right we
do the finest merch for you nine year
olds it was designed by me I hope you
guys like it
that it's the limited time only and a
good buy